Let's see if there's anything out here
that's going to be scary. No. Is that
No. Let's Oh, dang.
What just happened? I think you just
came out of a grenade when it blew up.
Oh, okay. Howdy, fellas. My name is The
Fest. Welcome back to another video.
Now, now, usually I do a long solo, you
know, entertaining intro that lasts
about usually a minute. That's a minute
too long, but I'm just going to cut
right to the game and you'll see exactly
why I do that. So, uh, enjoy, fellas.
Homies, fellas, and homies in Bathams.
Welcome back to another video, fellas.
It's me, Thrift Fest. Now, there seems
to be a little drought on this channel
as of recently, and you may have been
seeing a lot of FNAF, maybe some dead of
night, maybe some other stuff, but
there's been one thing that you haven't
seen in a minute. That's a multiplayer
game. Now, when it comes to the 3FS
channel and multiplayer games, to all my
new
viewers, you're in for a treat. Hello
everybody, my name is 3FS. Welcome to
Emissary Zero. And I'm not alone today,
fellas. I'm joined
with me, please.
Oh my god, I turned into a jet. Wait, I
can do it louder. No, I can do it
louder. Don't do it.
Oh my god.
What did you say? Did you say did you
say did you say where are you? Introduce
yourself. Hello
madam clump me please. Wait dude if
there's IRL voice chat or wait that it's
already a thing. Wait. Oh my
what? Why does your mic sound like that?
Why does yours sound like that? Bro,
wait. No. Let's We got to get in the
game first. Jacob, what?
I think we have to get in the game
first.
Oh, wait. Dude, frick. Yeah. Jacob.
Jacob. We got to focus. Okay. Okay. I'll
keep my mic very close to my mouth. All
right, Jacob. We got to go in there.
Tab. We get an overview. Okay. Okay.
You're on a mission to free the moon. It
should be somewhere in
this peanut butter check mix is getting
to me, man. Hold on. Hello. I'm your
manager. You're on a mission to free the
moon. It should be somewhere in this
building. We sent others before. We lost
contact with them. Now it's your turn.
I'll try to guide you through that
building. Now, turn on the electricity.
By the way, you have a hand lamp in your
car. It's dark in the building. There is
also a transmitter. It will be needed
later. Okay. So, so I'm like Gru and
you're the
gorals. Yes. You steal the gorals from
the from Jacob. Where is the electricity
at? Jacob. Oh, Echo. Echo. Jacob. Jacob.
Jacob. Sing a lovely tune for all the
new viewers. Okay. Ready? Ready.
Hey, I wanted to let you
know, subscribe down
below and hit that notification
bell. Notification bell. All right,
guys. Let's go. Dude, that was
beautiful. I'm shedding. Wait, someone
in the comments is like, did he just say
the sword? No, I said shedding. Max,
read what this item is called.
Special book for a special boy. Okay,
bro. Special key for a special boy.
Wait, hold on. Let me look at the Let me
look at the controller really quick.
Okay. Okay. Okay. All right. I'm
controller now. Hey, Jacob. Yeah. Want
to take a look at this?
My friend, I go say hi to him.
It's a big freaking cat.
Oh, it is definitely alive. We got to
find the electricity and turn it on. All
right. Locked. All right. Locked. All
right. Locked. Locked. All right. We're
going down.
Oh my gosh. What was that? I don't know.
Where did you go, buddy? I don't think
he's coming back. Oh, electricity. Sit
down. Bang. Jacob, look at that.
Jacob, let's go.
Jacob, let's go. Okay, Jacob, we need to
find some cool stuff. Save terminal. Oh,
nice.
Bro, we're in like a like a horror
situation and you're like, "Let's find
some cool artifacts and items." Yes,
bro. You got to explore, bro. Max, Max,
Max, what? Look at the map. We have We I
got map data. Now we're a data. Now we
got cellular data. What is map cab
freaking loser, bro? Stinky map. I don't
Jacob, stop, bro. Bro, that was so
intense for no reason, bro. Oh. Oh, let
me man. That's actually freaking sick.
Wait, Jacob.
Wait, the current objective is displayed
on the top left corner of the screen.
Jacob, listen up. Listen up. Listen up,
Jacob.
Oh, three chains. Break them. Find the
brains
that But Jacob, when will the large
kitty wake up? If you need a computer,
it hasn't been up yet. Okay. The monitor
can be found in the library and input
the device in the storage room. Oh,
Jacob, there's a stairwell, dude. Hold
on. It's going to get serious in here.
Jacob, let's
save.
Jacob, did you leave
me?
Friend. Jacob. Jacob. Jacob, stop
playing games.
Where did this freaking guy just go?
Oh, how did you open that? I trusted
that. Let's go. Basement. Basement. And
basement 2. They got they doubled up.
All right. So, when this door opens,
nothing catastrophic is going to happen.
Watch. Watch me go. Watch. Jacob, what
are you doing? Why are you doing that?
There will be unfinished electrical
circuits in the tear. Wait, there's
going to be no no lights down here. Hold
on. If you find wires from such circuits
leading somewhere, try to follow them.
They should lead to other devices. Be
careful with every step. You never know
what will come at your favor. Who is
this? Who is this? Is this plenty? Oh my
god, it's EFS Gaming. Jacob, turn on
some electricity. Hold on. We have to
find a lever, Jacob. We have to find a
lever. Oh. Oh my gosh. Jacob. Jacob.
Jacob. There was something down there,
dude. Oh my god.
There was something down there, dude.
Did you see it? It's the Tricky Trials
Minecraft update. Did you see it in the
corner of the screen? You barely visit
us. I see you. Crouch. Crouch. Crouch.
Sh.
Max. He went aside. He He went a He went
a He's planning. He's planning. Go. We
can't do anything. We can't do anything
over there. Jacob, shush. Things are
about to get scary.
Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Jacob,
scanner. I have a scanner. Okay. Add
some scary background music. Wait.
[Music]
I don't know if it's
control. Jacob, I swear if you die,
Jacob, I swear if you
die, Jacob, calm down. Deep breath.
Deep breath, Jacob. Deep breath. We can
do this. Now that we're men. Now that
we're men. What do you mean not working?
I got to find a safe space. But it's not
going to be too easy with this monster.
You see, 10 million years ago, this guy
used to roam the earth. Now he's just
trapped down here with no purpose. Come
on, Jacob. You can't freak this up. You
can't freak this up. Come on, Big J.
Huge. Huge. You're walking around,
Jacob. You're walking around. Huge. Go,
go, go, go, go. What y'all don't know
about Jacob is he's the clutch master.
When it gets dire, when it gets needy,
you call Jacob. He's over there. He's
over there. Nope. Stop. Stop. When
things get dire and stuff needs to
happen, you call this guy right here.
What the freak?
I'm a
legend. Don't worry.
No way. No way.
No way. No. What did I freaking say?
What did I tell you guys? He is H I M.
Is he coming back? Is he Did he make a
UI? He did. Jacob, run. Jacob,
run. He's coming. Jacob, you're
ready. Oh no. Oh no. Oh my
gosh. What is that right there? It's the
lever. Jacob, it's the lever. Jacob,
it's the lever. He can't hear me. He
can't freaking hear me. Is it cheating
if I give coms through
Discord? Call
Jub. All right,
bro. The le the lever's back in that
room, Jacob. Where you just were? The
lever's in there for that. What did you
say? The lever's back in that room,
Jacob. Where you just were? Jacob is
back in there behind the desk. Behind
the desk where you just were.
Okay. Okay. We know how he works,
though. You can outrun him if you're
legendary like me. Yeah. If you're bad
like you, then you're trash like you.
Legend Thanos. Let's go.
Jacob. Jacob, hold on. You've got to do
the stuff you were doing at Zane House
for all the viewers, like the Thanos
remixes.
You mean like B and Anie? I'm a legend
feeling ranchy.
Yes, bro. Dude, so in the Squid Game
season 2, the dude's like, what did he
say? He said, "Bet you know show I'm a
legend Thanos." Jacob kept remixing it
but with and like some that's not
Thanos. Yeah. All right. Let me give you
a little teaser. Let me give you a
little teaser.
Imagine Nancy. I'm feeling somewhat
pansy. I'm dying. Bro, that is the
funniest thing ever. Okay. Jacob. Jacob.
Remember the the lever I was telling you
about? It goes right here. But horror
game.
Okay. Oh, wait. Jacob. Jacob. No. Would
What would 8bit Ryan do? Oh, no. No.
Dude, it's every time. Why is it every
time we're in like the tunnels, bro?
8bit Ryan would be like, "Okay." Okay.
Drop down in this hole right here.
Humphrey, let's go. Just like that. Here
we go. All right. There he is. Jacob,
remember the lever is in that room. I'm
going to go lick those tentacles off,
Jacob. All right.
He's going to be right there.
[Music]
Yep. Sorry, I'm freaking out right now.
Okay, the lever's right
[Music]
here. Hello. Hello. Hello. It is very
very nice to meet you. Hello. Hello.
Hello,
bro. Oh, that was tune situation, bro.
We ran into each other in both pants and
he got both of us. Okay. Wait, wait,
wait, wait, wait,
wait, wait. Betsy, I'm the legend sty.
All right, waste no time.
Go, go,
go. That is creepy. I don't like that.
See, when horror games get that audio
sound just
right about extension, I feel like a
legend.
Too slow. Too slow. Tell him it's done.
Jacob, I think you went the wrong way.
All right, Jacob.
Okay, Max, can you wait a second? I have
something to say to him. Okay. Okay.
Okay. Hold on. I'll be right back.
Payload acquired. Delivering in
process. Sweet flowers. All right,
Jacob. Jacob, they don't call me big
boy.
All right, I got it. Let's go. All
right, guys. Let's continue on with the
game. Nice, man. Look at us go.
Jacob play a sound effect when he plays
that
lever. Zelda sound effect. You think
he's going to be in here, too, Jacob?
Huh? Wait, we're outside finally. The
wonderful nature welcomes us. Oh my god,
I got an achievement. Wait, dude. It
says you better hide.
Oh, let's go. Let's go. Why shall we
hide? I wonder why. Let's see if there's
anything out here that's going to be
scary. No.
No. Let's Let's Oh,
dang. What the freak is happening right
now?
Jacob, Jacob, Jacob,
what the freak is this, bro? Why you go
low quality,
bro? Dude, bro, bro, that that was so
funny, bro. I wish I had my clips on,
bro. It made the loudest boom sound and
your body went flying on my screen, bro.
Dude, what do we do here, bro? Hide.
Hide. Speedrun if you're Bro, we got to
find somewhere to
hide. They released the beast. They
released the beast and give me no time
to do anything.
What did you just say? I don't know.
Yeah, go for
him. All right. So, I think Jacob's
going to be dead.
A legend. The legend's data. Okay. No,
he's alive. He's alive. Catching a
feeling somewhat ranchy, Max. Okay. How
do we Where do we go? Better get running
there, Jacob. Better get running. How do
these guys not know how to jump out of a
freaking 2 cm
fence? I don't know if that would save
us here, Jacob. And he only cares about
me, bro. Yep. Nice.
Oh, maybe we got to find some cool items
or or anything. Keep running, Jacob.
Keep sparing him. Oh, I think you
glitched him. Never mind.
Wait, he's gone. He's gone. Let's go.
Okay, it says get into the library. It
was like survival legends. It was like
when you click single player. Yeah, it
was like it was like a little mini game
on Roblox. Yeah, it was like when you
fight Bowser on level. Wait, Jacob,
don't start break dancing because of
that.
Uh, bro, I'm I'm strong though. I'm
strong. How do you emote, bro? I'm so
strong. I don't know, but I Oh, okay.
Hold on. Wait. Do they have a twerk?
Please.
Hold on. Hold on. I didn't know you
chicken dance.
Hey. Okay. Hi, buddy.
Bro, what is Ken? You just do it, bro.
You just feel the air and you feel the
breeze on your skin and then you
just Okay, this one's actually
close.
Wrong. Eight. Hey. Yeah. 2 3 and four
five six seven eight. Cuz you know I'm
great and I appreciate on it. Okay.
Okay. All right, Jacob. We got to get to
the library.
What? What' he say? It's probably the
big hole in the wall. Oh, good calms. Oh
my god, bro. I Bro, why was my natural
instinct to sniff your booty cheeks? All
right, guys. Let's keep playing. Max, we
must look through their library shelves
to find the mystical books. Nah, bro.
You know when you'll be reading like
some like beautiful No, bro. Special
book. Special book for a special boy.
Special book. More special boy. All
right. Max, how would Dashy play this
game, bro? What up? What up? It's
Nashy and we're
playing Missionary Missionary. All
right. Where do we put the special
books? Oh, save terminal.
Nice. Terminal shots. What? Collect
electrical boxes and apply them to empty
empty slots of electrical currents.
Electrical.
Dude, dude, stop. Dude, I have kids
watching. Jacob, you better not start
break dancing because of that. Oh, stop
with this.
Okay, wait, Jacob, they said electrical
boxes are in the red chests. Chest? Is
that how you say that word? Chest. Okay,
look at my chest. Bro, I'm not going to
lie. I might say something about a
Kenchi. I'm feeling
leniada. I need an enchilada.
Oh, I found the red chest. You did? I
took all of them. I took all of them.
Just big and greedy. All right, let's
put up four. Four boxes of electric.
Right. Right. Right. One goes right
here. One goes right here. One goes
right here. Right here. Right here. I
don't know if I was supposed to do it
this way, but I crouched. And there's a
box right here. I don't know if these
are for the next room, but I got two.
And that's how many we need, so I'm
putting them in. All right. All right.
Okay. We could just steal them. We can
just We can just steal them from that
room.
Oh, and now we can go into the pantry.
The snack rooms. They're coming
together, bro. Bro. Bro. Like, why would
this just be here? I don't freaking
know.
Oh, dude.
What happened? What? What was that? I I
I don't know. I saw your feet started
drooling. Looks like you've returned to
the main building. You can set up the
computer in room one, then transmit the
data through the transmitter. The
trans behind the
Jacob, what did you do?
[Music]
Jacob, how did we possibly mess that up?
Stop it. Sorry.
That's what that sound was. Max. What? I
swear you put it there. What the freak
is this?
Bro, this is the most random game I've
ever played in my life. No. What is
that? What is that? What is that, dude?
Let me guess. Jacob died.
Classic. Oh, hello. Hey, you. Looking
for something, too? Uh, yeah. I'm
looking for the moon. Oh, I see. Have
you noticed how weird it is the rain?
This building? Yes. Hold on. There's a
dude going to kill me behind. Hold on.
Ma'am. Ma'am, there's a little guy.
Okay. I don't think he's going to kill
me. I think we're probably all in some
kind of What? What?
Jacob, are you okay? Knock knock. Who's
there? I'm looking for the moon. Have
you seen it? The moon? No, I haven't.
How could the moon even be here? I'm
talking to this random lady. Dude, I
don't know what's going on. It's
massive. It wouldn't fit inside a place
like this. back.
Hold on, Jacob. I'm talking to the lady.
Get back here. You're dying. You're not.
Watch. I'm dying. Although, anything
seems possible here. Why are you so
tall? Thanks. I guess it's just my thing
here in this place. Weirdness is more of
a rule than an exception.
Okay. Thanks for your tips. Uh, lady, do
you want to go box that guy over there
for me? I'll pay you $20. Yes. Yes. All
right. All right. And then we need the
installation place.
Input device. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I know
what that is. I know what that is. The
keyboard. Wait, we need the We need the
the other thing, too. Go get it. I don't
know what he's talking about. Here we
go. Are you serious? Yeah. Turn around.
Keep freaking walking. I got to make my
way to that door. Nothing's getting in
my way. Is it stupid that I'm trailing
him? Maybe. Is it ballsy? Maybe. Is it
going to give me the win? Maybe.
[Music]
Bang. It's going to take Jacob like 20
minutes to realize I'm not alive
anymore. What?
What? Jacob, I'm not alive and we'll let
you do it. Oh my gosh.
Good stuff right there, buddy. Who the
freak is this, dude? That's the slime
legend. Watch. He's going to get all
mean and grumpy when we look at him.
Ready? Here he goes.
Dude, why did I lowkey think of like
punting a soccer ball looking at him?
All right, Jacob, are you ready?
Keyboard. All right, Jacob, are you
ready? Okay. Oh. Oh. Enter the password.
What is it? Wait, what did you just do?
All right, I need to chat with the
password. Password, please. Okay.
Computer, ask for a password.
Jacob, stop it. Moon. It's moon. G PG.
That's not it. It's moon.
Jacob, do you know how to spell? Okay, I
got it. I got it. It's moon. Okay.
[Music]
Nice. No.
No. It's not Cuba.
Jacob, I'm actually going to lose my
marbles. It's Moon, dude. Put in M O.
No, no, no. It's Moon. Stop trolling,
Jacob. I'm going to lose my ever loving
mind. I'm sorry. I'm cliff harvesting. I
have a garden. Jacob, stop. I actually
I'm actually blind. I couldn't find the
end for like a million years. Jacob,
you're tweaking. This computer is
unlocked. Insert the transmitter. Do it,
Jacob. Do it.
Oh. Oh. No way. No way. What? What's
going to happen? Oh, did it work? The
computer is unlocked. Put it received.
Manager. Thanks. That's all we get as a
thanks. Oh. Oh my. Oh my. Jacob, no need
to be afraid. She's chill. She's chill.
Oh my gosh. What a legend, bro. I know.
Legend Thanos right here. It looks like
there's no information about the moon in
the data. However, a certain laboratory
is mentioned here. I think we should try
to find it. Jacob, calm down. Engle.
What? We got to talk to the stranger
lady. Hold on. Let's see what she got.
Okay, let me talk to her. Do you want to
go on a date? Jacob suck. You don't know
where to go next? I saw a secret
passage. Maybe you can go through. Let's
go there. She said, "Let's go there."
Okay. Guide us, lady. Bro, these hair
physics are crazy, bro. Oh, dang.
Ducking under the door, bro. She had to
I'm telling you. I'm telling you, it's
swag on the runway. I'm telling you,
it's swag. You slate and ate that and
purr all up, girl. You purr like a cat,
girl.
No. Break. Eat. Eat.
Oh my gosh. She's playing. Why did you
start vibrating? That's not her. That's
not her. Jacob, why did you start like
vibrating in your chair?
That's what you get. That's what you
freaking get, man. Look at him. All
right, Jacob. We have to take this run a
lot more seriously. Okay. All right. I'm
sniffing your booty cheeks. Don't worry,
don't.
Okay, he's taking more serious this
time. He's coming. He's coming. He's
coming.
[Music]
You can come through here now. H. Yes.
Going back. Let's come back. Let's come
back. Jump out of the
jet. Nice. He can't get out here. Let's
go. Oh my gosh. We're free, Jacob. Where
the boys? Oh my gosh. Oh my god. I'm
excited. Here we go. Jacob, it's not
happy hour. When I get really scared, I
get
[Applause]
What do we possibly do right here,
Jacob?
What do you guys know about these plays?
I don't think you guys have ever made
plays like these ever.
Wait, wait, Jacob. Jacob, ready up.
There's All right. All right. Jump scare
in 3 2 1. Oh, never mind. Jacob Jacob.
Jacob, hold on. I'm I'm going to do the
I'm going to do the slow-mo messy kick
off my green screen. Hold on. I'm put my
green screen down. Do the slow-mo messy
kick. Jacob, he's coming after you.
Jacob, you ready? See the little guys?
Be like,
"Max, I think you're a full-blown
idiot."
They're looking at my players going,
"Ref, do something. Ref, do something."
Max, I think you're an idiot. The guy
ran fast and you just stood there with
no fear.
Nice. He knew who he was in a lobby
with, bro.
Retire that one, bro. Why, dude? It's
still cool. Jacob, he's back up here.
Jacob, he's back up here. Oh my gosh.
He just did a little up and down right
there. Green electrical box, where do I
put you? Max, we didn't save the game.
Just so you know, thanks for telling me
that right now.
Where do I put the green electrical box?
Do we have any safe? Right freaking here
is where we put that green electrical
box. Jacob, I am baffling. I am
baffling.
I
need I am baffling. Just like Iron Man.
You're lowkey on like a streak of
[Music]
prophyl guys. I didn't add that in post.
I don't know what that was.
What do these guys
want? Do you want a
picture? All
right, here you go. You want another
one? Okay, fine. Jacob, you're alive. I
know. Of course I'm alive.
[Music]
What the freak is that? Wait, you do
that. You do this guy's voice. Okay.
Okay. Ready?
Hi. Hey.
Who are you?
I'm TV
head. I have a TV on inside of my
head. I wanted orange to replace it.
They promised to remove it and it's
solid orange instead. For no one came
when would it come? Could you give me a
hint to the puzzle? Oh. H. Uh, I think
you need to make the signals on the
display match. Uh to do this brightness
of the monitors needs to be changed. Dot
dot dot. Max. Max. Didn't we see another
monitor? Yeah. Where is it? Where is it?
It says put monitor here. I don't know.
What does that do though, bro? I hate
these nonchalant aura farmers on the
ground.
[Music]
Okay, I'm bringing this last monitor
over there. Nice. Nice. Okay, I figured
it out. I figured it out. What? We need
to get power to all the monitors and
then all the signal has to be the same.
Okay. Wait, wait. Look on the floor.
Look on the floor. That's so many
circuits. Turn on the power and shake it
in my face. What? She went and I
Oh, you literally just turned on the
electric. In my honest opinion, thus
far, this game has been really good with
the scares, but just the puzzle aspect,
my brain is at 1 HP. I've never had to
do this this many puzzles in this many
instances
before. Wait a minute. I have that one
connected. I don't on it off. You see
that? I think we got to get them all
green,
bro. Hold up. That one turned green.
Wait, wait. Go. Do it again. Green.
Green. Green. Turns green. Last three
are red.
Green. Green. Green. Jacob, you're a
goat. Run. Run. Jacob. Run.
Jacob. Dude. Bro. Unfortunate play right
there. Oh my gosh.
Jacob green.
Nice white liquid gun. Jacob, this thing
is called the white liquid gun.
Oh, did you shoot them with it? The
white liquid gun is harmless to any
creatures, but it can remove obstacles
made or black liquid. Let's go. Let's
go. Mad. Get that box. Get that box. Get
that box. Jacob, are we them dudes? Are
we those guys? 3 2 1. Bang.
Jacob, where'd you go,
buddy? Okay. Okay. Interesting play
right there.
Oh my god.
We didn't freaking save.
We probably got to activate him.
Activate him. Take him.
So, we don't do that.
Yeah. Wait a
minute. Oh my gosh. Oh, so wait. He's
going to like go in circles.
Oh my gosh. Do we need I'm assuming we
need to make it to the end of that
hallway. Maybe
not. Get
up. Oh, wait. No, no, no, no. I think
he's going to beat us. He's going to
beat
us. I'm dead. I'm dead. Gosh, man. I
have the survival instincts of an apple
fritter.
Yeah, right. Right
again. Perfect.
Okay, look. We got Oh,
bro. Third floor
lock. Okay. All right. Where do we put
the thing? Where do we put the We got to
put the thing in. Oh, yes. Yes. Yes.
Yes. We got another box. I got another
box. All right. Blast the
wall. Blast the wall.
Dude, it like it was like in the spank
of demons. Boom. All right, dude. Bro, I
I Max I'm saving clips of these so you
can use my point of view, bro. But that
was so Dude, why the slap of demons,
bro? Cooked me across the whole room.
Wait, so where do we go next? Cuz what
does that door do for us? Nothing. Okay,
wait. Wait. Do you still have the green
cube? Oh, yeah. I got two of
them. Ready? Go.
in here. I'm such a clutch legend.
Clutch ace.
Hit that revive for me, Jacob. Hit that
revive for me. Yeah, Max. Yeah. How
freaking stupid are you, dude? Dude,
dude, dude, dude, dude. Jacob, he pulled
the UI once I started going. He said,
"No, I'm coming back."
Where are the apple fritters? Right
here. Okay. All right. I swear to God if
you would have died again, I would have.
Dude, I'd have been last so long. I
would have freaking given After the next
pass we go, Jacob, after the next one we
go.
What did I say? He did it.
He speed is my first name. Okay, get
back in
here. All right. Ready? Wait for a
little
bit
now, bro. Good. No. Yes. Yes. Yes.
[Music]
No regrets. No regrets, Max.
Right there, Jacob. It's the box. Put
the box in it. I'll do it myself.
Yep. I know the cues.
Crazy. Yep. Go crazy, big bro.
Okay. Right there. Wait. We need two of
them.
Dude, he like he takes his little
finger. He takes his little finger and
swipes me in the booty.
We have to find one
more. Bro, I'm actually setting records
right now, you guys. Bro, I have to set
the record. Being being as bad of a
gamer as 3F like next level. Jacob, you
got to shut your mouth. How did I get
killed by my own kid?
Bro, I'm get I got killed by my past
ghost self. Did you find it?
Bro, bro, bro.
This was black muck. Oh my gosh. Here it
is. Here it is. Here it is. Come on.
Come on. Come on. Come on. Freaky freaky
guy. 9,000. Okay. Okay. Right here.
[__] Go. Go. Go. Just go for it.
Hey, come back. Come back. Come
back. Bang. Bang. Wait. Is that the
whole thing? No. No way. Wait. What do
we do? No. I mean, is that like the end
of the circuit? Yeah. Yeah. That's the
end of the circuit. But what what is
that open? I went to go get like I went
to go see if there was a battery from
Oh. Oh, no. No. Not here. Not here. No.
This is it. It says Oh. Oh, it is it. It
is it. Okay. Okay. Nice. Okay. The where
I was the place I was thinking was
completely wrong. Oh my gosh. Okay. Hey,
do we save and and lick us later or
wait? Okay, hold on. Uh, why are we
going down though?
What do we got going? Wait, we still
haven't been here.
Dynamite, bro.
Okay, where's the save? Where's the
freak save? Aura, it's the lady again.
Are you heading to the laboratory? I'm
coming with you. Okay, thank god.
She's guiding us. She's guiding us.
She's guiding us. Oh. Oh. Oh. Sorry.
Sorry, ma'am. Sorry, man. Where is she
taking us? In the elevator, bro. Okay.
Are we going up or we going down? Ora
stands every time.
Oh, okay. This might be it. Okay, now
we're actually in the snack room since
she's gone. What? Dude, this is it.
Dude, this is it. The laboratory. The
end of the game. All right, I guess.
Maybe. I don't know. Should we just keep
playing? Maybe we need to find a way to
free it. Sonic board laboratory hatch.
Hold on, dude. The stranger lady. So,
this is the moon you're after. But kind
of tiny, isn't it? Yeah, it's a little
bit tiny for the moon. Dude, she has so
much aura. Jacob, you're glazing. I'm
sorry. All righty, fell as well. All
righty. Well, after like 2 hours of that
mental anguish and terror, I'm thinking
that's where we're going to stop part
one, fellas. And we may or may not make
a part two. Just let us know
how Let us know down in the comments
below if you guys would like to see a
part two. Thank you guys so much for
watching, especially if you make it this
far. And wait, Jacob, do you want to say
it? Do you want to say it?
I'm aware. Peace.
[Music]
Yeah.